Hello, everyone is a dog this time and would like to introduce my favorite items of February
I'm sorry
Video of introduction of favorite product during such
I can speak my little but I think that Is the first time
I do not Kawakan that can be well explained than of February we would like to do but
The first thing I want to introduce is this
Deep shadow color of Excel will Fuchsia Brown
Like this
I'm on the back of my hand
ThatLookLikeThis
It becomes a little reddish brown
So i think this
I say I'm not sorry for such a little dirty
I put a blending brush tapping Luke Caro good color in the nacelle feeling
I have some eye shadows recently
I 'm having trouble putting
Recently, I have a candle so dark eye makeup
Because without me Hama likes feeling to dispense me the other daddy
I previously have been using the other much this eye shadow
Since the softening become quite fashionable feel even one meal
I really like these days and the price is 1000 yen
1080 It is not high at all in the yen
It is very recommended because it is great to develop color
Here is what I want to introduce next
It is the honey last of the small car of 8 Macs
The color is like this
I feel like a little pink gold
I mainly use it as a highlighter for that tear bag
The color is
Do you understand such a feeling
The moving lame is really beautiful as soon as it is placed on the beautiful tear bag
Eyes will be great festive feel like a sparkling
Because the lame is so strong, it won't go to the bill or the highlight of your Majesty with this bill
But it's amazing
I wonder what
Because it looks gorgeous and pretty
Hmm
I used this combination very well in February
Because this combination was also used in the video of the license of Valentine who started Uno completely
Please take a look if you like
Yes
This is the third place I would like to introduce our company
a
Hey
Demel pu zuler of ghosts
It will hate teak
I do not know the color numbers
I'll check and put it on my mind like this
Cola rue
pink
It is a wonderful cute color I hate this
What if I'd had you as a gift to last year's Christmas not be this year
Something like that initially got
Was the immediate glad Tan got in four did not have that level of teak in the feeling
but
Because something has at all I color of Coral system to another
I thought so and I did not use it so much but recently
Well great If you started to use I suddenly become I want to use teak Speaking Aso
Ummm
I have a brush like this, but it 's fine for a marvelous couple
Even if you hit a little thick makeup, it will look perfect
What do today's trendy florid makeup
no larger as teak
It can be used great as a cheek of pale makeup and this is true
Super I love that we use all the way It's dangerous now
He is okay also amazing eyes easy to see eye
Package also is not it super cute
Just putting it in the porch is ridiculous
Like this is amazing recommend You have put later color number
Here is what I want to introduce next
This mascara base of head White Kate
This is recommended by many people
I think there are a lot of people who have or do not have it, but it is great.
Ummm
What also the white
At all It is not color the way even when you want to use color, for example, color mascara the next cell mascara
Above all I think that the curling ability of curl is great
The real drop at all put something also at all the softening use this mascara base even if much has come out to the outside
There is no
The volume also comes out and the scene length comes out
I think it's very good The price is great too
Cheap
I think it's good
Just do something
here
I think it 's kind of dirty that it 's kind of dirty that it 's attached here when you open it
I 'm fine but I 'm worried but only there
It is such a feeling and it is this that I want to introduce in the end
It is the strongest Bros leveler tool This is really various
If we are people of that dynamic Girl introduction
I think many people have it, but I
There are various ways in chasing videos
Will put thought Naa want to see that to introduce directly below
It is really good if there only have been after all is that a lot recommended
Something I can use really any time of any make-up
The other really come florid sense of makeup Mito even in diluted like a well something today in dark makeup
I think it is very interesting to say that the color of this lip changes depending on the person I use
Do you think
In I'd cross with greasy or anything pretty I Gross
It was an image that I had made something with God, but this is
very well
Smell is very even to love good in smooth
We introduced the 5-point item above
Please check it out if there is something you care about
Yes thank you for watching the video till the end
See you again next time bye bye